feat: update `paginate()` (#9200)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/reference/api-reference.mdx

**Type:** `string`
</p>

Get the URL of the current page (useful for canonical URLs). If a value is set for [`base`](/en/reference/configuration-reference/#base), the URL starts with that value.

##### `page.url.prev`

<p>
**Type:** `string | undefined`
</p>

> Get the URL of the previous page (will be `undefined` if on page 1). If a value is set for [`base`](/en/reference/configuration-reference/#base), the URL starts with that value.

Reviewer: And I guess we should probably also update this one for full consistency:

```suggestion
Get the URL of the previous page (will be `undefined` if on the first page). If a value is set for [`base`](/en/reference/configuration-reference/#base), the URL starts with that value.
```

##### `page.url.next`

<p>
**Type:** `string | undefined`
</p>

> Get the URL of the next page (will be `undefined` if no more pages). If a value is set for [`base`](/en/reference/configuration-reference/#base), the URL starts with that value.

Reviewer: This was already the case in the existing docs, but taking advantage of this PR to tweak this and make it consistent with the others:

```suggestion
Get the URL of the next page (will be `undefined` if on the last page). If a value is set for [`base`](/en/reference/configuration-reference/#base), the URL starts with that value.
```

> ##### `page.url.first`
> 
> <p>
>   **Type:** `string`
> </p>
> 
> Get the URL of the first page (will be `undefined` if at the first page). If a value is set for [`base`](/en/reference/configuration-reference/#base), the URL starts with that value.
> 
> ##### `page.url.last`
> 
> <p>
>   **Type:** `string`
> </p>
> 
> Get the URL of the last page  (will be `undefined` if at the last page). If a value is set for [`base`](/en/reference/configuration-reference/#base), the URL starts with that value.
> 

Reviewer: I think “on” the page is probably more common than “at”:

```suggestion
##### `page.url.first`

<p>
  **Type:** `string`
</p>

Get the URL of the first page (will be `undefined` if on the first page). If a value is set for [`base`](/en/reference/configuration-reference/#base), the URL starts with that value.

##### `page.url.last`

<p>
  **Type:** `string`
</p>

Get the URL of the last page  (will be `undefined` if on the last page). If a value is set for [`base`](/en/reference/configuration-reference/#base), the URL starts with that value.

```
